[theme music playing]
[clapping]
Well, look at you. Almost human.
[grunting, panting]
[clears throat, panting]
There. Upright on your hind legs
and everything.
[grunts]
Thank you.
-It's nice to be dressed again, but...
-But?
The thing about moving right now
is that I think it'll feel nice
when I stop doing it.
Oh. You didn't want
to go for a walk, then?
-What?
-Well, I could hardly take you for a walk
with your bits flapping around
in the open air, could I?
A bird might think your penis was a twig
and fly off with it.
Yes. Well.
Oh, come on.
A little smile won't kill you.
Good boy.
Now then,
would you like to go for a walk?
Bit of fresh air in the starlight?
I think I would, yes.
Good.
Sadly, there's a condition.
Oh.
Not my idea. Striga insisted.
It should be quite comfortable.
She just wanted a little extra security.
You're ten times stronger than I am,
Lenore.
Striga pointed out that you're a magician.
And you do want to go for a walk,
so...
would you mind?
[sighs] Fine.
Good boy.
Walkies!
[key rattling in lock]
[heavy doors opening]
[wind howling]
[heavy doors closing]
[shivering]
Mm. It's a lovely night, don't you think?
It's a bloody chilly night.
It was warmer in my cell.
That's because we channel waste heat
around the castle with pipes.
Really? Even to the cells?
I keep telling you.
We're not monsters.
[Hector] Dracula's castle
moved heat around with pipes.
Is that vampire magic?
[Lenore]
Actually, just science. Centuries old.
The thing is, Hector,
humans forget things and vampires don't.
You have a lot to learn.
And will I get the chance to?
So dramatic.
Relax and enjoy the night.
[wind whistling]
[inhales, exhales]
Daylight can be nice, too.
I'll take your word for it.
You don't remember daylight?
Never much cared for it.
I was always a night person.
You might be missing something, you know.
Only coming out at night.
Oh, I don't think so. Just look.
I can't see how the sun
would improve this view.
[Hector sighs]
[chuckles]
All right. I admit it.
That's fantastic.
See? It's not so bad here, is it?
I could do without this.
Does it hurt?
No. It just reminds me of the last time
someone put a collar on me.
[Lenore]
In Braila?
[Hector] When Carmilla almost killed me.
Well, she does have a temper.
But she would never
have meant to kill you.
[scoffs] No.
Because she needs me
to be her forgemaster slave.
No, because if she'd meant to kill you,
you would quite simply be dead.
-Hmph.
-And if she'd meant to torture you,
you would have arrived here
carrying your guts in both hands
with a spike up your arse.
[Hector chuckles]
I suppose that's true.
I mean, I can see her doing it.
In nightmares and such.
She does have a temper,
but she's logical.
She never lets it run away with her
to the point of, oh, I don't know,
condemning the entire human race
to death?
Just a recent example
of what being genuinely insane
with murderous rage looks like.
All right.
You may not have been
treated like a boy king on your way here,
but you did show up alive.
Might have been nice, though.
[chuckles]
Have you considered that you're only alive
because you listened to Carmilla
back in Dracula's castle?
I hadn't. She tricked me.
[Lenore scoffs]
I don't think she did.
I think she made complete sense to you,
and you felt guilty,
understandably,
about how it all played out.
She made me betray Dracula.
[Lenore]
No, she didn't.
She showed you the old man was insane,
and she saved you from the consequences.
Nobody here wants to harm you.
We just don't quite trust you yet.
-Trust me?
-You did try to hurt me, Hector.
What's she saying about me?
Lenore is saying
you're a mean, nasty woman.
Cheeky little tart. Is it working?
Seems to be.
Wait.
Now he's complaining again about you.
And how you beat the shit out of him.
Oh, for God's sake.
In hindsight, beating the shit out of him
does seem like a miscalculation,
since your scheme apparently
won't work without him.
He needed to be cowed.
Lenore would have had nothing to work with
if he was still a happy idiot.
We do need the idiot, Carmilla.
I know, I know.
-But there is a problem.
-What?
He can turn dead bodies
into night creatures.
We need night creature soldiers
to reinforce our military numbers.
That's the plan, yes.
Where do we get
that many fresh dead bodies from
without reducing our feeding stock
to nothing?
One thing at a time.
Lenore has to first solve this problem
for us.
[grunts]
[Lenore]
No. This way.
-[key rattling in lock]
-[Lenore] New cell.
In you go.
Is this a trick? Am I dreaming?
I thought you might like
to be able to read.
[guard's footsteps fading]
Pass your lead through.
[click]
There. Good boy.
The book, by the way,
is some of our vampire magic.
Given your own profession,
I had a feeling
you might find it interesting.
Uh, thank you.
Thank you very much.
Can I see you tomorrow night?
Yes... [grunts]
Uh, yes, of course.
Thank you.
Good night. Dream well.
[exhales]
What did you make of him?
Saint Germain?
I'm not sure I'd trust him
as far as I could kick him,
but he's not who I thought he was
on first impression.
-He's sad.
Yeah.
But he's also a confidence man.
But he dropped that with us.
Yeah. He did.
That bothers you?
A little.
But you know what really bothers me?
What?
That maybe he's been on his own
for so long
that he was willing
to drop the front that quickly
because he that desperately
needed... friends.
He's that sad. That alone.
Suffering under that loss.
Mmm.
Remind you of someone?
That's a depressing thought.
Yeah.
I think we should help him.
Of course, you do.
It's the right thing to do.
And we may need his help.
Did we fall out of our story
into someone else's story...
again?
Silly. It's all our story.
I hope I get to live long enough
to find out how it ends.
[scratching]
[heavy breathing]
[groans]
[groans] N-No...
Th-This is wrong...
We-- We shouldn't be... here.
[screaming]
[screaming continues]
[grunts]
[sustained high-pitched tone]
Where are you?!
[roaring, whooshing]
[noises subside]
[crickets chirping]
[thunderous stomping]
Are you still here?!
[whooshing]
[whooshing increases]
[gasping]
[gasping, panting]
[thunder crashes]
-[thunder crashing]
-[whirring]
[whirring increases]
[whooshing]
Please!
Tell me where you are!
[clattering sounds]
[doors clanks]
Take my hand!
Please!
[whooshing increases]
[sustained buzzing sound]
[silence]
[gasping, panting]
[panting slows]
[sighing heavily]
Oh, God.
I'm sure there must have been a time
when I had nice dreams.
[sighs] Maybe when
I lived in palaces and mansions?
But maybe not.
That was all stress.
Doing my little dance for coins,
making sure I had enough for the next...
[sighs] month, the next year.
Never bloody easy, was it?
[snaps fingers]
And then...
there was you.
Did I dream when you were here?
I don't know.
I was too focused on our daylight hours.
I never wanted to sleep in those days.
And now here I am again.
Never wanting to sleep.
Not until I find you.
Not until I live
in the good dream again.
[pen scratching on paper]
Not until you're back.
Where is the one who can talk well?
The one with the eyes?
I made you in Genoa.
You mean... me?
I do. Sit with me a moment.
What do you wish?
I was curious.
The night is long and I've been given
much to think about of late.
May I ask a question of you?
Of course.
Do you remember who you were?
Before you went to hell.
I...
almost do.
It's like...
I remember how it was to dream,
and to remember moments of the dream,
but never the entire play.
Do you see?
I do.
What do you remember?
I was a scholar.
[Isaac]
Really?
I was.
In a place called Athens.
I think it was a long time ago.
What did you study?
I was a philosopher.
And this was a thing
that sent you to Hell?
I lived as a man during a time
when the empire that ruled Athens
changed its religion and laws.
I believed philosophy
to be the study of the systems
of the world
and our purpose in it.
And yet discussion
of the nature of the divine
became a crime.
Who declared this a crime?
Christians.
To be a philosopher
was a sin.
And one important Christian
was heard to say
that the people should hunt down sinners
and drive them into salvation,
as a hunter drives its prey into traps.
To think about God
would surely not be a sin in God's eyes.
[FlysEyes]
Perhaps.
And yet... here I am.
[Isaac]
And perhaps
you have not told me
all of your dream.
[FlysEyes]
I was betrayed, Forgemaster.
I was hunted.
I was tortured.
I lied for my life...
in a church,
before a judge.
I gave up others
so that I may live.
I became a sinner.
And?
[FlysEyes]
And they killed me anyway.
I woke up in Hell...
because this world is insane.
And...
I learned something about sin.
What did you learn?
I learned...
to like it.
Yet here I am,
back on the surface of the Earth...
strong and free,
in a world where thinking
is considered something
that should be
tortured and murdered.
Thank you for my second life.
I intend to use it well
and make wonderful new dreams of it.
[creatures growling]
[Gregorian chant style vocalizing]
Frederator!